Add Instructions for winget to Install the Astro CLI (#1375)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/install-cli.md

    values={[
        {label: 'Mac', value: 'mac'},

>         {label: 'Windows', value: 'windows'},

Reviewer: I could also see us removing the `PATH`-based instructions now and making Winget the standard installation, but it's possible that Software users could still wind up on this document instead of https://docs.astronomer.io/software/install-cli and not know how to install an earlier version. WDYT?

Author: @jwitz the winget option is available with Astro CLI version 1.6 and later. If users are using an earlier version of the Astro CLI, they might want to reference the earlier procedure. Also. a link to older process is provided in the new content.

I've added the content to the software docs.

>         {label: 'Windows with winget', value: 'windows with winget'},

Author: @jwitz the tabs appear to be working fine in the preview build. I'm not sure they aren't functioning for you. The values are correct:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/197518132-6dbd3855-5dc3-4786-95f4-67e518a26cd5.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/197518021-2f2ff0a6-d33e-4b70-ae01-4068750ca9e8.png)

I'll implement the suggested change, but you might want to check and see if something in your environment is causing issues.

<TabItem value="windows">

> This is where you'll find information about installing the Astro CLI on a Windows operating system. Starting with Astro CLI version 1.6, you can use the Windows Package Manager winget command-line tool to install the Astro CLI. See [Windows with winget](https://deploy-preview-1375--gallant-neumann-56599d.netlify.app/astro/cli/install-cli?tab=windows%20with%20winget#install-the-astro-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where you'll find information about installing the Astro CLI on a Windows operating system. Starting with Astro CLI version 1.6, you can use the Windows Package Manager winget command-line tool to install the Astro CLI. See [Windows with winget](install-cli.md?tab=windows%20with%20winget#install-the-astro-cli).
```

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="windows with winget">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TabItem value="windowswithwinget">
```
If these changes make the tabs work again, apply them to the other tabs in the PR.
